In this lecture I will talk about Amazon Elastic Container Service ECS.
It's a very important service of Amazon and nowadays a lot of companies, they are using this service.
So what exactly this service is? ECS is a fully managed container orchestration service that makes
it easy for you to deploy, manage and scale containerized applications.
So here you can see in the figure the first is Amazon Elastic Container Registry.
Or we can say this is a repository where your application team is going to put your application as a
Docker image.
So basically, if you have a Docker image or your application team who is working to develop an application
and finally they have develop the application, they have used the Docker and created the Docker image.
Now they want to execute that image as a container.
For that, they need some infrastructure where they can do the execution of that image or where they
can do the testing of the image.
So one way is to you need one infrastructure.
You are going to create one VM machine with some specification of memory and CPU, and then you are
going to install the Docker on that and then you are going to execute the Docker image as a container.
But here you need to manage the VM machine.
If your VM goes down, the entire application will be down and you have to taken care by how many containers
you need for this application.
And suppose in your application, all of a sudden the request, the load has been increased.
So who is going to increase the resources?
Or we can say who is going to scale your VM machine?
So all these things is taken care by the Amazon ECS service.
So what Amazon ECS is saying, they are saying that you just need to create your application as a Docker
image and then come to the Amazon ECS service.
So that service is going to help you to execute your Docker image as a container and Amazon ECS is going
to provide 100% availability of your service.
It will also provide the load balancing.
It will also provide the scalability.
Suppose the load on your application has been increased.
Amazon ECS  is going to increase the instances which is being managed by the AWS.
So all these features you will get in the Amazon ECS.
So we need to understand how we can create a ECS cluster and how we can deploy our Docker image.
So in these figures we have this Amazon elastic container and then you can see we have Amazon elastic
container and then you have to define your application and then we have the Amazon EC2 and AWS far
great.
And finally you are going to manage the container.
So here you can see in the PPT we have a figure and this figure actually tells the functionality of
the ECS, how the ECS works.
So you need to understand this figure.
So at the starting you can see we have Amazon Elastic Container Registry and then we have the Amazon
ECS and after that you have to define your application.
And then we have the 2 types of task here we have Amazon EC2 and AWS fargate.
And finally you can see we are able to manage the containers.
So we need to understand this entire no worries we'll do step by step.
So let me go to my this Google and here just type Amazon ECS documentation and click on this first one.
And then developer guide.
And here we have the complete documentation about the Amazon Elastic Container Service, and this is
a highly scalable and fast container management service.
You can use it to run, stop and manage containers on a cluster.
So here you are going to execute the containers and the container is running in a cluster, so it will
provide you high availability.
So with Amazon ECS, your containers are defined in a task definition that you use to run an individual
task or task within a service.
In this context, a service is a configuration that you use to run and maintain a specified number of
tasks continuously in a cluster.
So I can understand at this point you will be confused what is the meaning of this line?
So no worries.
In the next lecture I will show you how to create the cluster and once you will try to create the cluster,
all these terminologies will come step by step.
Then you will understand what is the meaning of container definition, what is task, what is service,
and at what point you are going to create the cluster.
So as of now, you just need to keep in mind that if you have the Docker image and you want to execute
your Docker image as a container, you can use the Amazon ECS service and that service will provide you
the scalability, the load balancing, everything you will provide because it is going to create your
container in a cluster environment.
So that's all we'll see you in the next lecture.